Add top guides section to a11y intro + a11y content updates (#6059)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/accessibility/guides/accessibility-automation.mdx

This guide outlines foundational concepts for using Cypress Accessibility, which also apply to accessibility automation tools in general.

## Levels of Accessibility

Cypress Accessibility runs Axe Core® checks on every significant state and variation of the applications you test with Cypress. This kind of automation can catch up to [57% of issues that would appear in a manual audit](https://www.deque.com/blog/automated-testing-study-identifies-57-percent-of-digital-accessibility-issues/), but it does not replace the human judgment that is applied during an audit. Auditors test a wide variety of scenarios and technologies in a way that would be impossible to fully automate.

Accessibility can be thought of as three progressive levels:

- **Basic Usability**: This is the threshold at which a disabled user is likely to be able to make substantial progress through the application, but may still hit major barriers or usability issues. If your contact forms and issue reporting systems are accessible, you will be able to learn about these problems from actual users. Paying attention to issues reported by Cypress and Axe Core® should help you to this point.

> - **WCAG Conformance**: Automated tools like Axe Core® catch up to [57% of accessibility issues that would appear in a manual audit](https://www.deque.com/blog/automated-testing-study-identifies-57-percent-of-digital-accessibility-issues/), but human assessment is essential for validating conformance. Conformance with the WCAG is often the standard set by legislation and regulation related to web accessibility. If your goal is regulatory compliance, this is the bar. No generic automation tool can "prove" compliance with this standard, it **requires** human assessment.

Reviewer: Editing to remove repetition of the 57% stat so close to where it is already mentioned above.

```suggestion
- **WCAG Conformance**: Automated tools like Axe Core® detect many significant accessibility barriers, but human assessment is essential for validating conformance with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG). This is often the standard set by legislation and regulation related to web accessibility. If your goal is regulatory compliance, this is the bar. No generic automation tool can "prove" compliance with this standard, it **requires** human assessment.
```
